Remove `clearable` from color and time pickers (#1965)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/light-ligers-wonder.md

---
"@comet/admin-date-time": major
---

> Remove `clearable` prop from `DateRangePicker`, `DateTimePicker`, `TimePicker` and `TimeRangePicker`
> 
> Add `required` prop to `DateRangePicker`, `DateTimePicker`, `TimePicker` and `TimeRangePicker`

Reviewer: Maybe both should be mentioned in the title 🤔 

```suggestion
Remove the `clearable` prop and add a `required` prop to `DateRangePicker`, `DateTimePicker`, `TimePicker` and `TimeRangePicker`
```

Reviewer: @andrearutrecht please do the same for the color-picker changeset.
